The National Economic Council received a presentation from Chairman National Economic Council Ad- Hoc Committee on Security and Policing.  Earlier, at the 95th National Economic council meeting, held on Thursday 20th June 2019, the National Security Adviser made a presentation on the security situation in the country. Council had then deliberated extensively on the persistent security situation in the country especially the activities of Boko Haram insurgents in the North East, which had remained a delicate challenge.  Based on these, Council set up an Ad-Hoc Committee on security and policing headed by the Governor of Ekiti state. The presentation to the Council today informed that the work of the Committee is ongoing with key stakeholders. Accordingly, the Committee would be meeting further as the need arises to update the Council on the progress being made to address insecurity and criminality in the country. Council was informed that the President has approved a sum of N13.3B for the takeoff of Community Policing in the country. The VP then asked that a small team comprising of the NGF Chair, 2 additional Governors, Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Finance Minister and the Inspector General of Police should meet to ensure that the FG funding is well utilized. A report would then be made back to the Council. Council received a presentation from the Hon Minister Sadiya Umar Farouq, Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development on flood disaster risk management in Nigeria for 2020. According to the presentation, Global data indicates that in the last decades, natural hazards occurred more frequently than in the past and were more destructive. Weather related hazards continue to increase from an annual average of 200 per year between 1993-1997, to 331 per year between 1996-2002. The presentation stated that study already revealed that 25% of the world’s landmass and nearly 75% of its population is at risk  According to the Post Disaster Needs Assessment (PDNA) conducted in Nigeria in 2012, flooding is considered the most common and recurring disaster in Nigeria by the National Emergency Management Agency. And this is a trend likely to continue. Floods have been identified to affect more people and cause more economic losses than any other hazard, (Wisner et al, 2004).  The Minister then urged States to encourage relevant Federal Ministries, Department and Agencies to take necessary actions in support of the process, respectfully requested States to kindly take proactive and necessary mitigative measures in addressing the envisaged 2020 flood disaster even in the midst of COVID 19 pandemic.