The Lagos State Government has disclosed that four children of the same family and their teacher who came from the United States have been quarantined for Coronavirus. Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi while giving an update on the spread of the virus at a news conference in Alausa today disclosed that another man from the United Kingdom was also quarantined.  Abayomi disclosed that the four children and their teacher were admitted into the isolation centre in Yaba two days ago to see if they would develop symptoms of Coronavirus after it was established that they had contact with a patient. He said the first test had been conducted on them and that they tested negative, but added another test would be conducted within 48 hours for a final confirmation.  Abayomi who said the quarantined man from the United Kingdom would have test conducted on him today to ascertain his status, also said the state government was carrying out regular tests on people to ascertain their coronavirus status almost on daily basis. The commissioner also disclosed that the government had established contact with the two people earlier declared wanted, who were in the Turkish Airline with the Italian index case. He disclosed that immediately the media announced their names as declared wanted, people gave out their contacts immediately and that they had been reached.  On the index case, Abayomi said the Italian was feeling very okay, but said he was still secreting the virus, adding that once he tested negative, another test would be conducted within two days for a second negative confirmation and that once that had been done, he would be released. Abayomi added that there was no specific treatment for coronavirus, saying that most of the drugs being used were HIV drugs to reduce the virus from growing fast.  Our Correspondent Immanuel Odeyemi reports that while responding to questions about hand sanitizers, the commissioner frowned at those hoarding it, saying that the Ministry of Health would soon roll out its sanitizers into the market.