The Federal Government has recorded tremendous success in the supply of Essential Commodities Nationwide in spite of the restriction of movement as a result of Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) in the country. The Minister of Industry Trade and Investment, Otunba Richard Adeniyi Adebayo, CON disclosed this in Abuja after receiving briefs from the Manager, Emergency Operation Centre, Engr.Battah Ndirpaya.   The Minister who was represented by the Permanent Secretary, Dr. Nasir Sani- Gwarzo, mni stated that the Committee on Sustainable Production and Delivery of Essential Commodities During COVID-19 Pandemic through the Emergency Operation Centre (EOC), in the Ministry received and resolved a total of 32 cases of complaints on challenges being faced on the effective supply/delivery of essential commodities across the country.   The Minister noted that out of the 32 cases received and resolved, 26.7 % involved delivery of food items, 40% were issues concerning availability and delivery of other essential items while 33.3% of the complaints were manufacturing related cases. He noted that out of the 32 incidences received and resolved by the Emergency Operation Centre (EOC) 27 % involved delivery of food items, 40% were on essential items while 33% where on logistics and manufacturing items.   A breakdown of the cases by geo-political zones reveals that 27% are from the North-Central, 24% from the South- East, 31% from the South-West while 17% are from the South-South region. “The summary of cases received and resolved by geo-political Zones are as follows: North-West, 13.7% of the cases pertained to the delivery of essential items, while 10.3% were Manufacturing cases; 10.3% involved Manufacturing cases in the South East; 6.8% involved the delivery of food items in the South West, 10.3% involved the delivery of essential items while another 10.3 % were Manufacturing cases; 6.8% involved the delivery of food items in South-South while 10.3 % pertained to the delivery of essential items and 3.4% of the cases in that Zone were manufacturing cases” said Adebayo.   He further revealed that “the summary of cases received and resolved by category is 6.8% in the North-Central which were Logistics associated,3.4% were manufacturing related,3.4% cases were in Retail while13.7% were Market Intelligence cases adding that 13.7% of the cases recorded in the South East were logistics related while 10.3 % were in manufacturing. 24.1% cases in the South West were logistics while 6.8% were manufacturing related. 10.3 % of cases recorded from the South-South were Logistics, 3.4% were in Manufacturing while another 3.4% were Market Intelligence cases.”   The Minister commended the security agencies for their support and appealed to the State Governors to direct their Ministries of Trade and Industry or any relevant agencies to collaborate with the Security Agencies or Special Task Force on COVID-19 to facilitate easy movement and distribution of food products and other essential commodities as approved by President Muhammadu Buhari.