Anthony Joshua has urged Tyson Fury to "come and fight me" and says staging a unification bout between the pair as their next contest would be "amazing". 30 year old Joshua, holds three of the four world heavyweight titles, with fellow Briton Fury in possession of the other.  "Logically, to prove yourself as number one, I have to fight Tyson Fury. He has to fight Anthony Joshua," said Joshua. "If you really want to say you're number one, come fight me. Let's get it on. I've got the rest of the belts so it only makes sense," Joshua told Sky Sports.  "I'm the unified heavyweight champion of the world, he's the WBC champion. What will it prove, me and him fighting? There will be one dominant figure in the heavyweight division that will have all of the belts and become undisputed."  No fighter has ever held all four at heavyweight but both men have contracts in place to face other opponents next. Joshua is due to defend his IBF, WBA and WBO world titles against Bulgarian Kubrat Pulev next but their proposed 20 June contest was postponed.  Asked if facing Fury needs to be his next bout, Joshua added: "It would be amazing to tell Pulev 'I think it's best if you step aside for now' and to tell Wilder 'we have bigger fish to fry'. "That fight [with Fury] needs to happen because there will never be another time like this again."  Fury, who won the WBC title from Deontay Wilder in February was set to face the American again in July but as a result of the disruption caused by the coronavirus pandemic, organisers are now pointing to October as the earliest time the fight can take place.  Earlier this week Wilder revealed he has undergone surgery on an injury to his left bicep. The 34-year-old said he was like "a zombie" in the ring during his stoppage defeat in February and added he does not yet recognise Fury as champion given they are set to meet in a third bout.  Any fight between Joshua and Fury would be the biggest contest ever between two Britons at any weight. Changes to their schedules in light of the coronavirus outbreak have led to speculation Joshua could now side step Pulev and that Fury might do the same with Wilder. Fury's US promoter Bob Arum has, however, underlined the fact both Pulev and Widler have contracts in place, so such moves could only be made with all parties in agreement. 