Britain will play hosts Australia in the ATP Cup quarter-finals after Belgium beat Bulgaria in a thrilling group finale. Knowing defeat would mean elimination, Britain thrashed Moldova 3-0 and then topped Group C after Belgium won 2-1. Cameron Norrie and Dan Evans won their singles against Alexander Cozbinov and Radu Albot to clinch Britain's victory. Jamie Murray and Joe Salisbury sealed a 3-0 win with a 6-2 6-2 success over Albot and Cozbinov in the doubles.  Britain, led by captain Tim Henman, will play Australia, who were the first team to qualify for quarter-finals, in Sydney at 10am local time on Thursday (23:00 GMT, Wednesday). Bulgaria, who beat Britain in Friday's opener, would have secured top spot if they had beaten the Belgians and left Britain facing an anxious wait to see if they would qualify as one of two best-placed runners-up. Bulgaria led 1-0 in the best-of-three tie when Dimitar Kuzmanov eased past Belgium's 35-year-old player-captain Steve Darcis in a 6-0 6-3 triumph.  US Open semi-finalist Grigor Dimitrov put the Bulgarians a set away from the last eight before Belgium's world number 11 David Goffin fought back to win 4-6 6-2 6-2 and level the contest at 1-1. Dimitrov, a former world three now ranked 20th, teamed up with Alexandar Lazarov in the decisive doubles and the Bulgarian pair again edged their side close to the quarter-finals by winning the opening set.  But the Belgian duo of Sander Gille and Joran Vliegen fought back to win 3-6 6-4 10-7 at about 12:15am local time and leave the Bulgarian team disconsolate at the Ken Rosewall Arena. Britain are the fourth nation to clinch their quarter-final place at the inaugural event in Australia, joining the hosts, Serbia and Russia in the knockout phase.  The ATP Cup is a new 24-nation knockout tournament that has been set up by the men's professional tour to kick off the 2020 season.It features six groups of four teams, who each play three round-robin ties in an event played across Sydney, Brisbane and Perth. 