The Coalition In Defence of Nigerian Democracy and Constitution, CDNDC, Sunday, rejected the approval of electricity tariff hike. This was stated by the Convener, CDNDC, Ariyo-Dare Atoye, in a chat with Vanguard, saying the government should consider the plight of Nigerians who are already riddled with poverty and the situation of the economy, hence the increased electricity tariff would plunge the economy into a more precarious situation.  He said: “Raising the electricity tariff by as much as 78 per cent smacks of a wicked plot of betrayal of the people by a regime that only some 10 months ago tricked the electorates into re-electing it as a government with a human face. “For a people that are getting poorer by the hour, adding to their spending burden is akin to chastising Nigerians with scorpions, and that is after tolerating Buhari’s whips in his first term. Many homes and areas are poorly served by these discos, and yet this insensitive government still wants the people to pay for inefficiency.”  He also added that “The Buhari regime must stop the habit of adding to the burden of the people. It is unfortunate that NLC and other Labour organizations and ASUU plus NBA have become lame ducks incapable of fighting for the common man. When shall this chastisement stop?” Meanwhile, he also charged the leadership of the National Assembly to intervene in the issue as representatives of the people.  “This exploitative tariffs is yet another test for the leadership of the National Assembly to either side with the people that elected them or remain a rubber stamp. I recall vividly that the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila, had during the initial plot to increase the tariffs, then as a majority leader, described it as the biggest scam. Now that he is in charge, Nigerians would like to know his position. Will he side with the people or the DISCOS?  “I, therefore, urge the National Assembly to review the NERC Act and ensure that no new tariffs can be effected without the approval of the lawmakers. This legislative approval will give them strategic leverage to review the activities of the DISCOS and get the NERC to be sensitive to the pains of Nigerians”, he said.  Meanwhile the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has rejected what it called “the over 200 per cent” increase in electricity tariff announced by the All Progressives Congress, APC-led administration, describing it as draconian and completely against the interest and wellbeing of Nigerians.  The party in a statement charged the federal government to immediately rescind the “obnoxious and provocative policy and consult further with Nigerians before any such tariff hike.” The PDP described the increase as “furtherance of the fleecing of Nigerians, who are already overburdened and groaning under the weight of high costs, economic repression and heavy taxes foisted by the insensitive APC administration.”  Signed by Kola Ologbondoyan, national publicity secretary of the PDP, the statement read further: “It is lamentable that Nigerians, who are already suffering the devastating negative impact of the recent increase in the Value Added Tax, VAT, from 5 per cent to 7.5 per cent by the APC administration, are now being further suppressed with increased electricity tariff.  “Our party holds that the increase in electricity tariff, under the prevailing harsh economic conditions, is injurious to the wellbeing of Nigerians as it will further stress the productive sector and lead to an upsurge in the cost of regular and essential goods and services, including food, medicine, housing, education and other critical needs.  “This APC policy, if allowed, will worsen the suffering of Nigerians as it will put more stress on already overburdened families, cripple businesses, result in job losses and exacerbate the prevailing frightening unemployment rate under the Buhari administration. “Moreover, the PDP invites Nigerians to note that this toxic and distasteful “new year gift” by the APC administration, at a time Nigerians are coming back from yuletide festivities, shows that the APC is indeed unfeeling, insensitive and have no iota of regard for the sensibilities and wellbeing of our citizens.  “The PDP insists that any administration that has the interest of the people at heart should provide alternatives or hold consultations with the people before imposing such harsh tariff on its citizenry. “The party, therefore, urged the National Assembly to rescue Nigerians from such draconian policy by deploying its statutory legislative instruments to call the Federal Government to order in the interest of our nation. 